Artefact Documentation

The artefact is a web-based character sheet generator for a TTRPG, that allows you to create a profile and enter the details of a character you have created such as name, race, class, level and skills. 
It then stores this information in an InnoDB database which you can then fetch and view or modify, if you are logged into the profile the character is connected too.

The aim of this artefact is to introduce basic programming principles to potential aspiring computer scientists that believe the subject is boring, by using tabletop RPGs as a fun introduction. With the 
goals being as follows: use the TTRPG gimmick to entice the potential computer scientists, introduce computer science concepts through the character creation to prove it isn’t boring, end their use of the 
software having changed their mind about computer science.

Instructions for use

step 1: open terminal
step 2: cd into the root folder where compose.yml is located 
step 3: run with "docker compose up"

Database layer is accessed with:
address: 127.0.0.1:3306
user: root
pass: tse10

API layer is accessed with
address: 127.0.0.1:8080/docs

front-end is accessed with:
address: 127.0.0.1:8081

The front-end is the main interface for the user, and is left intentionally ambiguous for the user to play around with,
with an assumption that the user is familiar with the game system Dungeons and Dragons, with that being said, here is a brief walkthrough:

the user should input "help", and then "new" to start the creation process for a new character.
The first stage of character creation asks the user for their name, class and race.
name can be inputted directly, while race and class offer "X view list" for a list of options,
and then "X view Y" to view the actual details for the specified race and class.
The user should then input "X add Y", and then "next" to proceed to stage 2.

Stage 2 asks the user to input their attributes by assigning a standard array (the numbers 15, 14, 13, 12, 10, 8).
This can be done with "assign X Y", and should be repeated until all attributes have been assigned a number.
The user can type "reset" to begin again should they make a mistake. and "next" to proceed to the final stage.

Stage 3 asks the user to assign their starting skills, which can be done with "select X", as many times as prompted,
with "reset" once again resetting the process. Typing "next" will move to a confirmation screen, after which the character
will be committed to the database.
